[Merged by Bors] - doc(contribute/bors.md): update some outdated info (#3209)
leanprover-community/mathlib: docs/contribute/bors.md

- Commit messages are taken from the first post of the PR. This is much nicer than mergify /
  Github's default which just combines all commit subject lines into one. We have set things
  up so that the text after the first occurrence of "`---`" is automatically ignored. Contributions
  from other users should be automatically added as [co-authors](https://github.blog/2018-01-29-commit-together-with-co-authors/),

>   like how mergify and Github previously did. For PRs with a lot of commits (50+) they

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  like how mergify and Github previously did. For PRs with a lot of commits (30+) they
```
The API limit seems to be much lower. :crying_cat_face:

```
$ curl -s https://api.github.com/repos/leanprover-community/mathlib/pulls/1564/commits | jq length
30
```

Author: Good to know, thanks!

>   like how mergify and Github previously did. For PRs with a lot of commits (100+) they

Reviewer: This sounds suspiciously specific, did I miss a 100+ commit PR recently?

Author: I guess it's more like 50+ than 100+, actually. It's just something that I've noticed that I figured I'd record somewhere. Let me edit.

Reviewer: I think the number is 250, there is no limit in bors but the github API call has a maximum: https://developer.github.com/v3/pulls/#list-commits-on-a-pull-request

Author: See for example #1564 (81 commits), #2714 (42 commits).

>   like how mergify and Github previously did. For PRs with a lot of commits (100+) they
>   might be missed; in that case (or in cases where you want to acknowledge someone who didn't actually

Author: ```suggestion
  like how mergify and Github previously did. For PRs with a lot of commits (50+) they
  might be missed; in such cases (or other cases where you want to acknowledge someone who didn't actually
```
